Document release process (#477)
LLNL/blt: docs/developer/index.rst

.. # Copyright (c) 2017-2021, Lawrence Livermore National Security, LLC and
.. # other BLT Project Developers. See the top-level LICENSE file for details
.. # 
.. # SPDX-License-Identifier: (BSD-3-Clause)

Developer Guide
===============

> This section is for information related to being a developer of BLT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is for information related BLT developers.
```
